---
sidebar_position: 4
---

# Mysticism, Revelation and Experience

Some people claim that there are other ways of knowing, such as mysticism, revelation or direct experience.  People claim that they can experience a god, with Christians sometimes thinking that what they call the Holy Spirit has come into them.  Many claim that near death experiences have shown them that a god exists.  How can we verify these claims?  We know that mystical experiences can be caused by hallucinogenic drugs, magnetic fields, brain injuries, and well-studied mental illnesses such as schizophrenia and seizures.  The “Holy Spirit” experience seems to be very similar to the well-documented experience of catharsis.  Near death experiences are likely the result of brain cells misfiring when they are oxygen-deprived, can be simulated by drugs, and are obviously subjective.  Fighter pilots, for instance, experience "tunnel vision" during high-G maneuvers, when their brains are deprived of oxygen.  People claiming knowledge thru mysticism or revelation often don’t even agree with each other.  The only way that I know to verify any mystic’s abilities is for the supposed mystic to be able to accurately, repeatedly, and verifiably know things that are supposedly impossible to know — such as events of the future.  I know of no one who can, or could.  Of course, we have to be very careful in any testing of such claims, because a good magician can easily fool us.  Even if there were somebody who could predict the future, that does not mean that there’s a god.  It would only mean that this person has peculiar skills.  I submit that mysticism and revelation result from internal, altered states of consciousness — with no basis in external reality.  Mysticism, revelation, and any other religious experience can only count at most for those who experience them; for all other people, they are merely hearsay.  In addition, religious experience seems to be highly subjective and varies dramatically between cultures.  Thus, we can’t depend on mysticism or religious revelation to give us reliable answers to any issues. 