Telemarketers suck big time. Here are some proven ways to rid 
your life of these clowns for good...

1. If they want to loan you money, tell them you just filed for
bankruptcy and you could sure use some money.

2. If they start out with, "How are you today?" say, "I'm so glad 
you asked, because no one these days seems to care, and I have 
all these problems. My arthritis is acting up, my eyelashes are 
sore, my dog just died . . . "

3. If they say they're John Doe from XYZ Company, ask them to 
spell their name. Then ask them to spell the company name. Then 
ask them where it is located, how long it has been in business, 
how many people work there, how they got into this line of work 
if they are married, how many kids they have etc. Continue asking 
them personal questions or questions about their company for as 
long as necessary.

4. (This works great if you are male) Telemarketer: "Hi, my name 
is Judy and I'm with XYZ Company. " You: Wait for a second and 
with a real husky voice ask, "What are you wearing?"

5. Cry out in surprise, "Judy? Is that you? Oh my God! Judy, how 
have you been?" Hopefully, this will give Judy a few brief 
moments of terror as she tries to figure out where she could know 
you from.

6. Say "No" over and over. Be sure to vary the sound of each one, 
and keep a rhythmic tempo, even as they are trying to speak. This 
is most fun if you can do it until they hang up.

7. If MCI calls trying to get you to sign up for the Family and 
Friends Plan reply, in as sinister a voice as you can, "I don't 
have any friends, would you be my friend?"

8. If the company cleans rugs, respond: "Can you get out blood? 
Can you get out goat blood? How about human blood?"

9. After the Telemarketer gives his or her spiel, ask him or her 
to marry you. When they get all flustered, tell them that you 
can't just give your credit card number to a complete stranger.

10. If the Telemarketer is selling raffle tickets, tell him or 
her that you work for the same company, and that employees cannot 
participate.

11. Answer the phone. As soon as you realize it is a 
Telemarketer, set the receiver down, scream, "OH MY GOD!" and 
then hang up.

12. Tell the Telemarketer you are busy at the moment and ask if 
he/she will give you their home phone number so you can call 
him/her back. When the Telemarketer explains that telemarketers 
cannot give out their home numbers say, "I guess you don't want 
anyone bothering you at home, right?" The Telemarketer will agree 
and you say, "Me either!" and proceed to hang up.

13. Ask them to repeat everything they say, several times.

14. Tell them it is dinner time, but ask if they would please 
hold. Put them on your speaker phone while you continue to eat at 
your leisure. Smack your food loudly and continue with your 
dinner conversation. For added effect, clanging of cutlery and 
dishes is recommended.

15. Tell the Telemarketer you are on "home incarceration" and ask 
if they could bring you some beer.

16. Ask them to fax the information to you, and make up a number.

17. Tell the Telemarketer, "Okay, I'll listen to you. But I should
probably tell you, I'm not wearing any clothes."

18. Insist that the caller is really your buddy Leon, playing a 
joke. "Come on, Leon, cut it out! Seriously, Leon, how's your 
momma?"

19. Tell them you are hard of hearing and that they need to speak 
up... louder... louder!

20. Tell them to talk very slowly, because you want to write 
every word down.
