OUR MOTHER, who art in heaven (if, indeed there is a heaven and if 
there is a god that takes a woman's form) hallowed be thy name, we 
ask for thy blessing for and guidance of those that will participate 
in this meeting and for those mortals that govern the state of Utah;

We fervently ask that you guide the leaders of this city, Salt Lake 
County and the state of Utah so that they may see the wisdom of 
separating church and state and so that they will never again 
perform demeaning religious ceremonies as part of official 
government functions;

We pray that you prevent self-righteous politicians from mis-using 
the name of God in conducting government meetings; and, that you 
lead them away from the hypocritical and blasphemous deception of 
the public, attempting to make the people believe that bureaucrats' 
decisions and actions have thy stamp of approval if prayers are 
offered at the beginning of government meetings;

We ask that you grant Utah's leaders and politicians enough courage 
and discernment to understand that religion is a private matter 
between every individual and his or her deity; we beseech thee to 
educate government leaders that religious beliefs should not be 
broadcast and revealed for the purpose of impressing others; we pray 
that you strike down those that mis-use your name and those that 
cheapen the institution of prayer by using it for their own selfish 
political gains;

We ask that the people of the state of Utah will some day learn the 
wisdom of the separation of church and state; we ask that you will 
teach the people of Utah that government should not participate in 
religion; we pray that you smite those government officials that 
would attempt to censor or control prayers made by anyone to you or 
to any other of our gods;

We ask that you deliver us from the evil of forced religious worship 
now sought to be imposed upon the people of the state of Utah by the 
actions of mis-guided, weak and stupid politicians, who abuse power 
in their own self-righteousness;

All of this we ask in thy name and in the name of thy son (if in 
fact you had a son that visited Earth) for the eternal betterment of 
all of us who populate the great state of Utah.

Amen.